Well, good evening, everybody. Thank you
for joining us again tonight. We'll
go over some of the things the Lord
showed us last Friday before I took
my break. We're backing up for
another week of prayer. Thank you
for joining me, and we'll see what the
Lord has for us tonight. All glory
to Jesus. Isn't Jesus wonderful?
There's a lot happening in the news,
isn't there?
But tonight's video is 'The Valley of
Decision'for
what I'm praying over
for President Trump
concerning his major decisions that
he's going to make. The Lord gave me
this in prayer, and I'm just going to
jump right into it. I just felt the
unction
of the Holy Ghost. Thank you,
Holy Spirit.
When I was in prayer yesterday,
I got caught up in the Spirit. Over
the next two weeks—I want you to hear
this very
carefully—major
decisions will be made
concerning Iran
and
Pakistan.
Major
disruptions are about to erupt in
Pakistan.
I saw Pakistan very clearly. The Lord
said there are things about to take place.
Now, you might say, 'Well, Brandon, when
is that going to take place?'I don't
know; I see in part,
but I saw Pakistan
and
Iran highlighted. As I saw
this major thing about to happen in
Iran, I heard anti-Semitism
will be at an all-time high in the days
ahead.
I saw New York City again. I saw the
Jewish community in New York City and
in other parts of the United States, as
well as
Jewish communities
in other nations,
under
great persecution.
I saw great anti-Semitism coming at
an all-time high in the days ahead
concerning the Jewish people.
I saw great
protests,
and I saw that some of them were in
danger.
When I was shown this, I saw people
fleeing to Israel.
They were uprooting their families in
these major
cities and they said, 'We've had
enough.'They
were getting their things and
moving to Israel.
I thought that was interesting. I
told Diana, 'Would you look that
up, if what we're
looking at is biblical?'She found scriptures
about how God would bring the people back together after they
were
scattered
in the end times. Like
I said, I'm not a Bible scholar when it
comes to stuff like this. When I'm
looking in the spirit and the Lord
is
showing me things, I thought it was
interesting. He said He was
bringing His people home. He was
bringing the Jewish people home. I
saw the Jews going to Israel in mass
numbers from persecution that will arise
in the days ahead. They
were all starting to come back to
Jerusalem.
I thought that was interesting on a
greater scale in the days ahead.
I
saw fires all over with great
protests
in New York City. I saw the
forty-first
floor of a major building in New York
City on fire again.
I saw a lot of fires in
buildings and rioting coming to New York
in the days ahead. I thought that
was interesting because He keeps
showing me this over and over
again concerning New York.
He was upset again
when I was praying in the spirit about
the new mayor of New York and the
decisions that are already being made.
So we saw that. Now, I
will go over what the Lord showed us
Friday.
I saw young men being paid
off by the drug cartel in Venezuela
trying to raise up an army against our
troops that have been on the
ground in Venezuela, but it was toward
Brazil. I saw Cuba devising a plan
on
how to create
civil unrest
in Venezuela
and
Colombia.
I saw the cartel. I saw great
operations of cocaine
distribution
plants—huge
operations full of people who
looked
strung out
and
broken.
I saw ten buildings that looked like
metal buildings with waves, like wavy tin that you put on a chicken coop, a pig pen, or a barn. It was
designed with metal on the
outside, like stucco, but it was
rusty.
It looked like it was rusty and
falling apart. There were white stains
on the buildings. There was
rust, and I could see where the nail
holes were
with
rust coming down the sides of the
buildings. I could see the roof, but they
were
manufacturing cocaine and drugs in them.
It was all in Colombia on the border,
and I saw major
trafficking of drugs in those areas.
As I was looking into this, I
saw highways
that looked like veins
spread out all over
Europe,
Africa,
America, and Asia. I saw the
Panama Canal, and they were taking the
drugs and distributing them
into Asia.
I saw Cuba at high alert
under
great pressure.
I saw their president
inside of a mountain.
He was in a bunker in the mountain,
hiding out, afraid of
the United States coming in
and invading again like they did with
Venezuela.
He was lying low. He was in the
ground
similar to Saddam. He
was hiding in that bunker,
but this man was hiding.
He's trying to be cocky because he
thinks he's protected by the
mountain. It would take something
like a bunker buster to get him because
there was only one way in and one way
out. I could see these men with
berets on their heads—some were
African-American—standing
at the entrance of this vault. It
looked like a massive metal structure
with a huge door, like
something out of
Doomsday Preppers.
I could see him
again devising a plan to raise up
soldiers to try to create havoc in
Venezuela in the days ahead.
How do we bring
civil unrest and how do we destroy the
oil wells they're after?
I saw huge
white containers
made to hold
oil, and
they were targeting them. Some were on the water and some were inland, but I could
see these containers full of oil and they were targeting them. I saw drones flying in the sky. I could
see our
Marines protecting these places
with heavy artillery,
ready in case.
The Lord kept saying,
'Guerrilla
warfare, guerrilla
warfare.'I
could hear
people coming out of the jungles
threatening these young men
in
the cartel: 'If you don't do what we tell
you, we'll eliminate your whole
family.
You fight for us or we will take out
your grandma, your mama,
and
all your sisters and
force
them into
slavery.'I
saw these young men in white
T-shirts. They didn't look like they
had much. Some had longer hair,
but
they
looked like they were being forced
to fight.
I saw them being given guns
and
going into jungle
warfare. Some of these people, especially from Cuba, were very
familiar with the terrain.
I saw over ten
thousand
people
trying to infiltrate to take the land
and
cause havoc for America in
the days ahead. This was also concerning
Colombia.
I saw things coming for Colombia. I saw
Claudia
pacing back and forth in a room
with
old antique furniture. It was
beautiful cherrywood furniture. It
looked like something out of
the
Victorian
era.
It looked very Victorian where she was.
She was in a room and on the
phone talking to the Colombian
president? I don't
know who he was or what his
title
is,
but
she was talking to him. He acted cocky
like he didn't care. She was pacing back
and forth with nervous energy.
I could see her in her room pacing back
and forth, asking, 'What do we do?'She's afraid
for her life because of the cartel that
is backing her. At
times she acted like she was scared
for everything because of what's
coming: a storm.
I told you a major revival is about to
hit Mexico. I saw liberation coming
for the
Mexican people, and for Colombia,
Venezuela, and Cuba. A major
revival is coming to South America. It's
already, I believe, taking place in
Brazil, but the Lord showed me a major
revival coming in the days ahead for
all of South America. But
as I was seeing the head of state be
cut,
the drug distribution and oil revenue,
this was about major business concerning
backing the dollar and all the things
coming for the dollar, trying to sustain
life in America. This is what I thought
was interesting. Remember I told you I
saw the prime minister of
Italy—the
woman? She does not
like the situation with Greenland, and the Lord
warned us how many times about her
standing up with Mark in Canada,
England,
Macron,
Germany, Finland, and these nations.
And I saw a major business deal coming
about with the United States of America
offering each person in Greenland a sum
of money. It was over $20,000 per
citizen.
It was divided fifty-fifty. I saw a vote
coming,
but it was split fifty-fifty. A lot of the
young people were excited about it; the
elders weren't. I saw
something with the fishing
industry.
The elders wanted to keep
the way they've always lived,
but it was about
minerals and all these things.
And I saw Trump say, 'I'm going to
strongarm
them.'This
is where the vision
stopped. I didn't see that they became a
part of America,
so I don't want to add to or take away
from anything.
But as I saw a shaking coming
to Canada—specifically British
Columbia—I
saw they would
secede from Canada in the days ahead and
become a part of America.
British Columbia would try to pull
away from Canada because of financial
trouble that's coming.
I told you I saw Taiwan,
and I keep seeing Taiwan.
I saw an escalation of things
where
China was trying to devise a plan with
their generals for taking Taiwan.
When I see this dome of prayer, I
heard the Lord say, 'You can delay
the
inevitable.'You
can delay this
through prayer. I saw a golden dome
come up over Taiwan
on all sides
through prayer. But as I was
interceding, the Lord said they have not
taken their freedom
from the communist regime of China
seriously over the years. They've taken
their freedoms for granted and
haven't prayed
enough. As I
was looking into South Korea, the
Lord said it will even be challenging
in the days concerning South Korea, and a
communist dragon will try to grab
onto
South Korea. But because there's more
prayer root there,
it will be held back.
As long as my people in South Korea
intercede and pray,
it will hold back communism
from
their nation.
As long as they humble themselves and
pray, turning from their
wicked ways, He
said, 'Brandon, I will have a hedge of
my protection over South
Korea.'I
saw it trying to infiltrate. It was a Chinese-looking
spirit,
like a snake
or
a dragon coming out of China into North
Korea, trying to come over.
It
was a bad way of thinking through their
government and their politics.
He said it's trying to get a
stronghold through
their leaders.
They don't have the right leaders. Pray
for their leaders;
it's an infiltration from China coming
in through North Korea. It's a spirit
that's trying to hook them,
but they will be a major pillar in the
end-time
church.
Revival will go out from there
if they pray.
But I saw Taiwan with this
golden dome
on all sides; if the people will pray. If
they don't, they'll fall within three
days.
I saw they'll fight for one day,
then
into the second, but by the end
of the second day, it will completely
fold. I saw the Chinese government using
weapons that have never been used
before, similar to what America did to
Venezuela. They have the same technological
weaponry
capabilities,
maybe even better in some ways. I
still
believe America
is
top,
but there were things that China had that
even America didn't
have—secret
things—and
they would use them as a flex.
These people had artillery,
but it was no match
for
what China would try to do. It fell
in three days,
just
like
that.
When I see all
these things in the spirit and the Lord
warns me,
I know we can pray. That's why the
Lord said, 'Cover them in prayer.'I saw a
dome of glory around them, and He said,
'You can hold it and delay the
inevitable of what will come in the days
ahead.'Delay
it. But as I saw Trump say
this right here—you can play it:
'It
is
a source of pride for him. He considers it to
be a part of China, and that's up to
him what he's going to be doing. But
I've expressed to him that I would
be very unhappy if he did that, and I
don't think he'll do that. I hope he
doesn't do that.
So you don't think you've set a
precedent?
He may do it after we have a
different president, but I don't think
he's going to do it with me as
president.
Supposing you're Xi Jinping and
you've watched the events of the past;
you're
probably impressed with
it.''The
special
operators—he
was impressed. You may also be
thinking that if you're Xi, you
could use the same logic to decapitate
and control Taiwan, or why couldn't Putin
use that same argument
to grab the rest of Ukraine or go
beyond into other former Soviet states?
In other words, have you created a
precedent that you may come to regret
later
on?''No.
Because this was a real
threat. You didn't have people pouring
into China. You didn't have drugs
pouring into China.
You didn't have
the
jails of Taiwan opened up and the people
pouring into China. There aren't that
many people in the jails, but you
didn't have hundreds of thousands of
people coming from jails and mental
institutions.
But
Taiwan—she
would tell you Taiwan's a threat to
China, that it's a separatist operation.
What's the source of
Xi's
pride for
him?'So
in his mind, it's already
theirs.
The way it sounded to me,
if they take it, I hope he doesn't do
it in my term, but even then, it didn't
sound like he's going to resist it. So
maybe he will, maybe he won't, I don't
know. So it kind of went with what I've
been seeing. Number two was praying
over what I saw about the
government coming in, and I saw Russia
come in and just take out Zelensky
and
their government and all
the things that are escalating in
Europe.
So you've seen a lot of the shorts that
my son has been making. He has been hard
at work, hasn't he? Making shorts and
making drawings. You know, everybody
said, 'Brandon, can you comment on some
of these things that you posted?'No,
it's—we
did it like The Economist.
We were having fun putting on there.
There's no explanation. I'm not here to
interpret a
vision of what I've seen. I put
on what I saw.
Now, The Economist doesn't interpret
what they put on there and tell you, 'This
is what we're trying to
say.'You
pray about it.
You pray about every person that I
put on there.
I'm not saying the Lord didn't
tell me to do that. He said, 'Be bold
and put this on there and then walk
away.'So
that's what we did, and we're
making a new one. It's going to be
even better than this last one. Braden
said, 'That was fun. I enjoyed that.
Let's make another one.'So we're making
another one. It will be even more
detailed. The next one we work on is
going to be a piece of work, but
it's going to be an amazing art piece.
I'm excited about it. I told him,
'We'll work on this for a
couple of days, a week or so, whatever,
and then we'll present it to the people,
and they can look at it.'But it's all
the things the Lord has shown me in
visions,
and we put it together and just
present it to the people.
So, pretty neat, I guess.
So, was that it?
No.
Play this.
Now this is interesting. This is the
head of the NATO army, I guess.
Yes.
Can you play what he says? This is
pretty interesting.
Experience
of the two nations'militaries,
a
deep commitment to the alliance, and
a sense of urgency—and that sense of
urgency is essential. When I look around
the globe—Russia, China, Iran, North
Korea, and others are increasing their
collaboration and their cooperation as
their interests align against us.
We see this clearly in Ukraine.
While President Trump pushes for a
peaceful resolution to a horrible war,
China continues to fund Putin's war
machine.
Iran continues to supply technology and
weapons,
and North Korean combat troops remain in
Russia on Ukraine's border.
And of course, there's a confluence
between Russia, Iran, and Venezuela and
their dark fleet of oil tankers that is
helping to fund the war.
In the Arctic and the High North, we see
a similar trend. Russian and Chinese
vessels are conducting more and more
joint patrols. Chinese icebreakers and
research vessels are in Arctic waters,
and their research is not for peaceful
purposes.
It's to gain a military advantage.
Russia, meanwhile, continues testing
advanced capabilities in the Barents Sea.
As new shipping routes emerge and new
resources are discovered, the Arctic
only grows in strategic importance. And
all of this comes in the midst of an
increasing hybrid threat: airspace
violations,
GPS and GNSS interference, and the
shadow fleet in the Baltic Sea
threatening underwater infrastructure.
In short, the Arctic and Northern Europe
by extension have become a frontline for
strategic competition
within NATO Allied Command Operations.
The command that SACEUR oversees has
taken steps to strengthen our deterrent
posture, much of which is oriented in
that northern region here.
Just over a year ago, we established
Baltic
Sentinel,
an activity.
Yeah. And then Cuba,
and then he had... what is
it? Committee address. United States and
Russia... and he posted something in
Russian.
Who
did that? 'United States is miscalculating
today in retaliation to Iran.'I don't
know. He made a post
in Russian.
Why'd
he put it in Russian?
I don't know. I think maybe
his normal account got banned.
But he did have a Russian
account.
I wonder what that means.
Yeah, because there's a reason he chose
Russian.
I wonder if there's a reason he chose
I'm
just telling you, that guy...
I pray that his
days are numbered.
He's a very bad man.
Interesting.
Well, I guess that's it for that part of
it. You know, we can pray now and
we'll see what the Lord shows us.
We bring all this stuff to you. Braden
works hard on it trying to find things
to bring to the people to show you
what's in the news and what
we have seen prophetically that
aligns with it. Everybody wants to know
why Sister Clipboard wasn't in there
because that wasn't prophetic. That's
just us having fun.
Regardless, he was taking that really
seriously—what
his mission was to
draw that picture out—and we
weren't trying to...
it's not comical.
It's very serious.
This is very serious, where we are.
We believe in the signs of the times
of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
So, that's why we didn't put her on
there, as funny as it was. Schumer is
that, and he'll say in the days
ahead, 'Impeach, impeach,
impeach.'You'll
hear him. And there'll be more and more
of an uprising of people trying to
get rid of President Trump. That's why
we must pray for him to be protected,
for him to finish, live long, finish
strong, and finish what God has
called him to do. So, pretty cool, huh?
That's why I believe
this channel exists—is to pray
for the end-time events.
Turkey was
saying... Turkey warns the Western world to
keep out of Iran and calls out Israel
for fueling protesters.
I saw that. That's something I
saw—Turkey
joining up and they became really
strong. I just actually saw that.
And they would join up with Syria and
they would start to beat their war
drums.
That's kind of interesting. I didn't see
that.
'We do not wish to see any chaos
in...'You
watch it?
I'd like to see. I had seen
this.
I haven't watched it either.
Oh, it's probably boring then.
'We do not wish to see any chaos in
our...'Yeah,
probably.
I just read the
title, so I think that's good.
I just don't want to bore the people.
I just think it's interesting
because this is along the lines of what
we've seen.
And then
he sent me this...
I'm telling you there's a
major event about to take place, and
that's why there'll be so much
anti-Semitism.
Do you remember whenever I saw that they
would attack their oil wells?
That there would be a blow against the
oil wells in Iran and it would cause...
okay. And this is just me looking into
it. Just me talking. You
sitting on the couch with me.
We got the oil from Venezuela. Now we're
telling
Russia, 'You can't have it.'China, 'You
can't have it. You come over here, we'll
blow up your boat. I'm going to make a
deal. You're going to touch
everything.'That's
what he's doing. So then
I saw in the days ahead that Iran's oil
fields would be on fire,
and I thought it would be back last
summer. And when I told
Braden, I said, 'Where are the oil fields
on fire? Are we about to see
that?'I
saw the price of oil going over
$100 a barrel.
Would that be a strategic way? Just
saying. I'm just me
talking. A strategic way looking into a
vision of if Israel
attacks Iran's oil
and wiped out their oil fields in the
days ahead, would that make the price of
the barrel of oil go up—that we've
seized in Venezuela because we're
controlling their economy now to boost
up the dollar and the petro-dollar? I
don't know. Would it?
If we eliminate our allies'oil supply
and we've taken over Venezuela's oil
supply, would that be a strategic move
to back the petro-dollar and the United
States dollar by making sure that the
dollar stays king?
I don't know, because I know if Iran's
oil is not in play and Russia's oil has
sanctions all over it, and the United
States of America is controlling
Venezuela's oil
and our own oil,
does that make things more in favor for
the
petro-dollar?
Saudi Arabia's oil is already with us,
right? They're with us. Baby, I
don't know. It's just me. It's just me
looking into it because
I saw the oil fields burning in
Iran,
but then I saw a retaliation of them
trying to blow up Venezuela's oil wells
concerning America. That's what we
saw this last time on Friday. I saw oil
wells, and it's even in the
cartoon—oil
wells on fire. I thought, "Is this
symbolic?"The
oil is on fire.
Why do I keep seeing all the oil on
fire?
You can show it right there. See it
right there?
All the oil wells are on fire. It
had the
B-2 bomber on it.
I don't know. We'll see because the
Lord told us to watch over this time
frame, and it goes up until the 26th.
Then he said, "Watch the 3rd of
February."Remember?
I said, "Third? The third
will smell like a turd."It's grotesque,
but it's the word he used.
The third will come out smelling like a
turd. Why? It's a stench before me.
He talked about going into the 3rd
of February, praying over this time
frame before the Olympics start on the
6th.
That's why the Olympics are in the
background: praying over a Black Swan
event.
There
was a huge black swan floating
down the river in Paris. It wasn't a
small black swan; this was a massive
black swan, so much so that he's riding
it now.
All right, let's pray.
That third was when Maduro got
captured, right?
Yeah, the third. That's
interesting. I saw the third.
Was that February 3rd?
I'm thinking it's January 3rd. The
third.
I see in part here,
but I think it's interesting
because Maduro was captured on the 3rd.
I saw the
third, but I'm thinking it's February
3rd.
He said, "Tres,
tres, tres, tres."I
kept hearing it
in the spirit: "Tres,
tres, tres."That's
in Spanish.
So it happened on the third. "Tres,
tres, tres,"and
I kept saying
it. I'm thinking, but I
saw snow.
I saw mountains, and I saw the number
three coming down a mountain.
There's no snow in Venezuela.
So I don't know. "Tres,
tres, tres."It
was a purple three. If anybody
remembers, I saw a purple three coming
down a snowbank.
It was highlighted, and I thought that
was interesting.
I know a lot of this stuff is
symbolic
for things,
like the purple dragon coming up out of
the water. It went three times. Why did
the purple dragon come up out of the
water on the Atlantic side by
Miami three times? The third day,
and
Maduro fell
within just a couple of minutes. It
happened on the third day. They
used
weapons that we've never seen, and all
their
soldiers—we
were all vomiting blood. We had stuff
coming out of our noses.
They were
using
things—they
only had
20-some
guys, and there were hundreds of
us—and
they wiped us out in seconds by pointing
this thing at us.
I said they'll use a weapon for crowd control in the days
ahead,
and
they'll wipe out crowds with it in a
matter of seconds.
I didn't see anyone bleeding
out of their noses or stomachs; I
just saw them knocked out cold, and they
woke up a couple of minutes
later.
They got out of the Hummers, and
everybody
fell
like
dominoes
all over the place.
They didn't give you a
chance to try to rebel. No more rioting.
Everybody just fell out. It was
a way to make you stop, no more
acting crazy in riots.
You will just do what we tell you to do,
and everybody just fell
down.
They arrested the
people who needed to be arrested that
fast. Nobody lost their life; nobody got
hurt. They were just arrested because
they were already on top of you.
When you were waking up, you were in
handcuffs.
You're done. No more rioting, no more
protesting, nobody acting crazy.
It was mounted on cars;
I saw it mounted on
Hummers, and all they did was turn
it, and everybody fell down.
I said, "Is this the same technology
that
they
use, just turning the volume
down so it doesn't make everybody go
bloody everywhere?"Maybe
there are
strengths to it. I don't know. But this
is what I saw in 2014.
I saw this on July 6th, 2014.
I got caught up in
the spirit, and the Lord took me out of
my body.
I tried to warn people about this,
about the drones and everything that's
coming since 2014. The Lord said all
this, and here we are seeing it.
They're saying, "We've never seen
anything like this. We've never seen
anybody use anything like this before.
What is this?"The United States is not
someone
to mess with. I said,
"That's
nothing compared to what I've
seen."A
blue light,
a blue energy that's endless for
planes and jets—a fuel that never
needs to be redone.
You don't have to fill it up
anymore; it runs off a gallon of
water.
I saw jet engine fuel that burns off
a tank, and it's sufficient
like nuclear power. The
Lord said it's big; it's better than
splitting an atom.
Have I made that public?
Not very much.
I haven't talked about that, have I?
Well, I won't say anything else about
that.
I'm pretty open about
everything, y'all, but there are certain
things that I see in rooms and
places that I just
don't talk about.
I said probably a little bit more
tonight than I ever have about that.
It's just a new technological thing
that's about to take place that jets
will be run off of. I saw the
mathematical equations of how to operate
it,
how to solve the math equations to make
it happen.
In my mind, I'm simple and don't
know what I'm looking at, but I can see
the mathematical equations of how to
make it happen for this new energy.
People say they heard it, that I talked
about it.
They heard me say that. Okay, good.
I saw it; I've seen
the labs. It was all written on a
board, and I saw these men in white suits
making it. I could
see the equations.
One day soon, you'll have energy
in cars and planes
that
won't use fossil fuels.
They'll try to create this new kind
of energy. Then I
saw portals, how they were trying to
go into the future through demonic
portals.
It was some kind of Stargate.
I saw them
walking through this thing,
trying
to be
translated through demonic portals
like astral projection.
It was a satanic
thing, but they were harnessing it with
this energy and using it.
People say there's no such thing as time
travel. I don't know how they were doing
it, but they were
going to the future. They were
doing something,
and it looked like it was out of hell.
It's the same thing they're trying
to do with CERN and these
dark things I saw. I heard "dark
matter."I
could see some kind of blue
light.
It was
beautiful; it looked like a sapphire.
As it was being mixed with this
other element, it was making their faces glow
with this blue light. The whole
thing was being contained. They
couldn't get it to sustain;
it would only burn for a second and then
burn up like a light bulb.
Like Thomas Edison said, it didn't
have the right frequency. It was a
mathematical equation.
When they fixed it, it ran
continually. It started building,
and
I could hear it making a
noise in the
room. I could see this thing
power up while they were all plotting.
It kept going, and then
I could see all
these bubbles at the bottom starting
to come
up. The
engine started turning. It was for a
new kind of
jet,
and
it was
all about math.
It was pretty neat.
I liked to look at it. I
like
to go back there and watch
these people create this stuff that
looks like it'd be worth
billions and billions of dollars. You
know, it's pretty neat watching
them, and I could see the water
bubbling, but it wasn't
boiling.
The water was bubbling without
boiling;
it looked like it was boiling, but it
was not.
It was energy. And they harnessed water
by mixing it and doing something. It was
a new thing that's coming,
and it makes
oil and gas look like something from
the past.
It's clean, but this is a
lot more powerful than splitting an
atom,
like nuclear,
but it was a blue light.
Now I know that Kim Clement
saw a blue energy coming, bringing
healing to people. This is not what I saw.
I saw a blue light that creates a new
wave of energy.
It's a new form of money.
And they say, 'Well, Brandon, how would
that make the fossil fuels go up? And
how would all these things
happen?'I
don't know.
I don't know why, because I saw Iraq
coming up out of the ashes for a
great new economy and
all these things coming for Iraq in the
days ahead, and Persia will lose its
hold. That's what we're seeing right
now. They're losing their grip. The
Prince of Persia is losing his grip.
Iran's in trouble. A major revival is
coming to Iran. But when you see these
new kinds of energies coming—and this
will come out of AI and some of the
things that I've seen about
this—it's
pretty wild because, in my mind, I
don't know what I'm seeing. I just see a
nuke. But I could even see how the
motor was made.
I could see how it was turning.
And I was thinking, 'What in the
world?'It
wasn't like
an eight-cylinder
engine;
it was a turbine.
It was turning.
It was pretty cool, though.
So, one day soon, you'll see
things flying in the sky with it
powering them, and you'll remember this
video and you'll say, 'I remember when
he said
that.'But
it's all on a
chalkboard, a mathematical equation.
It looked like something out of
an
Albert Einstein kind of deal. It's math
problems that filled the whole side. I
could see it. It was some kind of... I was
thinking, 'What in the
world?'But
as these people were walking
through these portals,
they were doing it with some kind of
light. And I could see—that's why I go
back to that video I posted yesterday,
Braden did—I could see them walking
through this portal like Stargate,
and these men had guns on, and
they were going through these
portals, and it looked like something out
of a sci-fi movie.
And I said, 'What am I looking
at?'and
they were trying to go into the
future, but it was a demonic portal,
playing with things that the Lord said
they should not be playing with.
It seems so far out there. And I am not
a conspiracy theorist. I'm not into all
this weirdness. I'm not into lizard
people. I said there's five different
tribes of lizard
people.
They go throughout all the
seven
continents.
I saw
five different branches of lizard
people.
All of them were
different kinds of generations of
reptilians.
And they were all
here—demonic
stuff. I've seen it. I said, 'What
is going on? Why am I seeing these
lizard
people?'and
it was creepy.
And it went down to the Mayans. It went
into the royals. It went into the royals
in Saudi Arabia
and
to the Indian lineages,
Native Americans. They call them
ant people. And I saw them inside under
the ground. Creepy stuff. I've seen it.
And I go, 'What is this? What is all
this?'The
Lord shows me this stuff.
It's Nephilim. It's dark,
and it's the royals.
And they are some creepy lizard
people. They actually look like this
thing that came out of
Spider-Man—like
that lizard thing, that
lizard-dragon
looking thing that was
in
Spider-Man.
I kid you not. That's what they look
like.
But they were like a chameleon
somehow and able to hide. But
they wanted to keep the bloodline
strong. So they married in
to
try to keep the bloodline
of it.
And it was dark and I was like,
'What is all this, Lord? You show me
this
stuff.'So
you'll see.
I just keep praying. And why the Lord
visits me, I don't know. I know
that I pray. And you can say, 'Well,
Brandon, you
sound like a crack addict. That
doesn't
even sound right. All the
stuff you say, you sound like you're on
drugs.'No,
I'm just a simple backwoods guy and I
love the Lord. I
know I've overcome a lot, but I'm going
to tell you this: He visits and I just
keep humble before Him because I know it
has nothing to do with Brandon Biggs.
Yeah, that right there. You show them.
Don't play the clip.
No,
that's the lizard people.
That's what they look like. That's
what the ones in England look like.
That's the ones in England.
It's real. I've seen it. It's demonic.
But when I pray and I
seek Him, He becomes more real to me,
just like He will you. And if He'll use
me, He'll use you.
Always stay small in your own eyes and
keep going. And in the days ahead, it
will prove to be accurate. And you'll
have a lot of haters from the peanut
gallery,
always saying things. But I just keep
going. And I pray over my family and we
just keep going. He said, 'I'll protect
you. I'll watch over you. Just go tell
them I'm coming.
Go tell them I'm coming, Brandon.
Tell them they're running out of time
and the church is asleep.
Tell them I'm coming.
Not 30 years, not a hundred years. I'm
coming. I'm standing at the door. What
are you waiting on? A major revival.
You do this and I'll come and get you.
Get the souls saved, son, and I'll come
and get
you.'That's
what He tells me all the time.
'I'm waiting on you. You ain't waiting on
me. If you do what I ask you to do and get
the souls saved, son, I'll come and get
you.
I'm waiting on
you.'Jesus
has done everything He's going to
do. He paid the price once and for all
for
sin, sickness, disease, poverty,
and
lack. He paid the price once and for
all. He ain't going to die again for us.
He's already died once. It is finished.
Everything He set out to do, He did it.
But we are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. He
dwells on the inside of us. As He is, so
are we in this world. Christ in me, the
hope of glory. We are seated. He told
me, 'Brandon, no matter how many
intercessors I raise up to protect you
in the spirit, to pray over you and help
you, ultimately they can hold the walls
and pray, son, but you've got to take
your authority.
You cannot be lazy in your Christianity
and your walk with me.
Exercise the authority that is inside of
you by faith.
Read these books.
Understand who you are in Him.
How to use your authority by Sister Billye
Brim.'And
I'm not pushing their
books. I don't have any book agreements.
'Oh, but he gets a kickback.'Not a
dollar.
I do it because I want to help people.
And if this helps me, I sure hope it
would help you.
The blood authority of the precious
blood of Jesus by Kenneth E. Hagin. The gift of prophecy
by Kenneth E. Hagin. Prayers, praying to get results.
These are
just little books. They're
probably like a dollar,
but
some of them, this one's $3. But
we use this every day, my wife and
I, driving down the road.
Use your authority. And the Lord said,
'Don't be lazy.
Don't be
lazy.'So,
we're in times like we've never
seen before, and we're
going to see things like we've never
seen before, ladies and gentlemen. And
in the days ahead, you're going to see
fearful sights that
will bring you to your knees. There will be
five major shakings
in the earth, in
politics, in the heavens,
in the church, and in finances. Five
major shakings are coming to this world.
It's time to come to the Lord Jesus
Christ; you're running out of time. As
we see right now, a shaking in the world
is
coming up with rioting in Minnesota,
Iran,
and
these areas. And I'm telling you, this
is just the beginning. 2026 is going to
be a dandy of a year.
You're going to go, 'Oh,'when we
get to 2027; you're going to
watch.
So far, we're just 11 or 12
days into it—whatever
it is—it
ain't nothing. We're just barely even
scratching the surface of 2026.
But we hear all this
prophetic chatter. Find God for
yourself.
Turn YouTube off. Listen to what the
voice of the Lord is telling you. And
the only way you're going to know it
is by getting into this Book. You must get
the Bible down inside of you and have a
foundation of the Word inside of you.
You're going to be snared by all the
false prophets.
Don't listen to 'Sister Who'or
'The Prophet.''Oh,
I swear by him; he
is accurate. Oh my God, he is
accurate!'We're
all human
regardless.
I go by
what the people in the Bible said;
you must never miss it. I'm going to
tell you this: people are human.
I don't put any man on a pedestal.
Brandon is human. I'm
human, and I can miss it.
You're human; you can miss it.
Nobody's going to put Brandon Biggs on a
pedestal. Nobody's going to put anybody
else on a pedestal. I'll knock the
pedestal down because
the only person who is perfect
is Jesus Christ.
So, you don't need to follow man; you
need to follow what the Holy Ghost is
telling you.
Get this Bible down inside of
your heart, and it will change you from
the inside out. That's what you've got to
do. Stop listening to all the prophetic.
Listen to what the Holy Ghost
is telling you, then apply the prophetic
to it. Does that witness with you? Is
that right? Judge the word. Listen to
the Bible for yourself and fall on
your knees before a holy God.
'God, I need you.
I don't want to be snared by anybody. I
want to follow you,
Jesus.'Now,
Lord, I hear it, and if it
witnesses
with my spirit, I'll follow along with
it.
Well, this one's saying this and
that
one's saying that;
they're
surrounded by all these different voices
all day long. I hear it: 'Brandon,
they're saying this, and this sister's
saying that;
it's totally different than what
you're
saying.'What
is God saying to you?
I don't know? He isn't talking to me?
That's a problem.
What is God saying to you? Not what Kim
Clement said, not what
so-and-so
said.
What did God say to you?
And if you aren't hearing Him,
and you're only hearing God by
ChatGPT
or something you heard on YouTube,
you're in trouble for what's coming.
I try to prepare you,
not scare you. I'm trying to warn you as
loud as I can that a storm's coming.
There's
fruit. If I didn't feel like
there was fruit behind what I was
saying—if
you
didn't
see it in the news a couple
of
days later—then just turn it off. I'll
turn my own channel off. I don't want to
cause any confusion,
but I feel to pray.
If there's no accuracy to it,
like
with Venezuela when I warned you about
all this stuff and you don't see it in the
news, then please turn it off. Don't
watch me because I don't want to cause
any
confusion in your house.
I honestly feel like the Lord told
me to do this, but even then, I could
have missed it.
But I hate the dogmatic
pride and the arrogance behind
some of these ministers that I see, and
they
don't face that they've missed it.
I'm human, folks,
and I'm so done with it. If I miss
it, forgive me. I tried.
I'm doing the best I can
with what I've been given. I'm
just as flesh as anybody else.
If I'm off and I miss it, then
please forgive me.
I'm just a work
in progress,
saved by grace, doing the best I can
just like everybody else. And so we're just going
to
keep pushing on in 2026.
Whatever the Lord brings us,
we pray about it and we see the news.
All glory to Jesus. Brandon, thank God
it was right.
It wasn't about me.
There were three or four major words
starting to come with this. And
then I want to say this to all of you in
Australia. It's always hot in Australia.
Well, if that word's off and you say it
wasn't hot—I saw a
major drought coming to Australia. I saw
major fires. I saw kangaroos dying
because they couldn't find water. I saw
cattle and farmers trying to move their
cattle because the water was too low.
I saw a major heatwave that was
causing pools of water to completely dry
up because there was no rain.
I heard it three
times: 'No rain over
Australia.'There
would be so much drought because of
weather manipulation and weather warfare
that it would dry up your pools of water
and
lakes, and there were splits in
the ground
with no water. Now, if that's not
happening, then say it's not for
today or it's an off-word, but I saw it
coming July of last year. And the Lord
said, 'This is what's coming. Pray for
rain.
Take your authority, Australia, and pray
for rain, for you can change this with
your faith.
Call the weather patterns to change,
Australia.'Call
the rain, for there will be a great
drought, and you must speak to the rain
to come. This will be a sign of
dryness, but a great outpouring of my
presence and fire will come upon
Australia in the days ahead with a Holy
Ghost revival. And I'm raising up new
faces, new Davids in the land of
Australia that will come up and be
bigger than what Hillsong was. Great
new worship will flow out of the land of
Australia with new people
on the scene in the days ahead that will
write songs from the throne room of
heaven.
He said, 'I'm not done with
Australia, and a major move of my glory
is about to pour out on that land from
Sydney all the way
across.'He
said, 'Brandon, I'm going to do it
one more time.'A major revival
is
coming to Australia.
So if you don't feel like that word's
right and you don't want it, then don't
criticize me and say, 'Brandon, you're
false.'I'm
trying to tell you, God said He wants to
do something big in your nation.
He said you could pray over your
weather and call the rain to come forth.
If you don't have drought, then
this isn't for you.
If there's not record-breaking heat,
then it isn't for you.
Then you say, 'Well, maybe for another
time.'I
just see in
part.
Now I've talked too long.
Let's pray.
I've
got to go get my
girlfriend.
Where's your mama?
I'll go get her real quick because I've got
to have her. She helps me.
She was setting up
tomorrow's birthday
for
Paisley.
She always likes to put some candles out
and stuff.
All right, well, I think I'm going
to
change this background
to Trump praying. I wanted to see if I
could
do it.
I have a good idea. I
think the idea of AI—let's see if it looks
good.
It
doesn't look as real. I don't know; that
one looks more real. I like the
more real looks.
Which one do you like better?
Oh yeah, you tell her happy birthday.
Happy birthday.
No, don't throw rocks at me. This is not
high fructose corn syrup, but I needed a
little something; I'm falling asleep
here.
She
said, "Brandon, you drink
that."It's
cane sugar;
it's Daddy's; it's cane sugar. It's not
high fructose corn syrup. I said,
"Well, okay, I have it every once in a
while.
It's still bad for
you."Oh,
Holy Spirit,
we invite you.
I need your help. I can't do this
without you.
I thank you, Lord, that you wouldn't
even want me to.
This isn't about me; it's all about you.
And we just humble ourselves before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you have a plan
for our
life—every
person represented
here tonight, all 8,100 of you. I don't
know if that number is right, but
Father, we're so grateful for every
person who's here tonight, and they just
want to pray. Thank you for my wife,
Diana. We humble
ourselves before you; if there's
something you want us to see, if there's
something you want us to do, Father, we
do it all to the glory of God.
In
all that we do
in word and in deed, we give all to the
glory of God. We thank you, Father, for
the people here tonight. We
take this body right now in the name of
Jesus and we thank you, Lord, that by
your stripes—I don't have the pen, baby,
I'm sorry—we thank you, Lord, that by
your stripes
we're healed. You were wounded for our
transgressions. You were bruised for our
iniquities. The chastisement of our peace
was
upon you, and with your stripes, we're
healed. We thank you, Lord. From the top
of our head to the soles of our feet,
we're healed and whole and well. And we
thank you, Lord, even our necks, our
bodies, our temples. We line up with
the word of God that we are healed. We
are whole in the name of Jesus. And we
lift up the body and we thank you, Lord,
that Christ be for us, and who can be
against us in Jesus'name? And we're
healed and whole and well. Amen and amen.
Now Lord,
we take the blood. We take the
blood and I apply the blood over my eyes
that I see only what you want me to see.
I hear what you want me to hear. And I
thank you, Lord; a stranger's voice will
not follow. Now I take authority over
satanic attack in the name of Jesus. I
bind voodoo. I bind witchcraft of all
kind. You will not touch me, hinder me,
or
harm me in any way. And we plead the
blood of Jesus over us today. And we
apply the blood. We make much of the
blood, and we take our rightful place of
authority and we say in the name of
Jesus, "Satan, thus far and no further,
you'll not touch us, our finances, our
wife, my children, any of
us."We're
covered in the blood and we thank you,
Lord, for the blood. And we apply the
blood of Jesus;
it never loses its power. And we thank
you, Lord, that you show us that which
is to come in Jesus'name. Thank you,
Lord, for the blood.
Amen and amen. Did you want one?
I'm sorry. There you go. You can have
one too, Braden.
There you go. We take the blood in
Jesus'name.
Hallelujah.
Thank God for the blood of Jesus. Aren't
you so glad Jesus died for you?
Aren't you so glad Jesus paid the price
for you to walk in victory?
We're so grateful for what Jesus did for
us.
If this was my last day on this earth,
if this was your last day on this earth,
would you spend eternity with him?
Is Jesus Christ your Lord and
personal savior?
If he's not, you must make him that way.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot
enter the kingdom of God. There's so
many people that I've learned over the
last couple of years that believe
they are born again, that believe that
if they died today they would spend
eternity with him, but they don't know
him. They're practicing witchcraft.
There's people reading tarot cards;
there's people doing all kinds of stuff
that say they're Christian psychics,
Christian tarot card readers, Christian
this. You go, "No. You don't
mix."You
don't mix
the devil's stuff with Jesus,
the vile with the pure.
There's no mixing it.
You either are all in or you're all out.
You must know Jesus Christ.
I know the hour is
late; Jesus Christ is coming.
I have such a burden in my heart for
the lost
because I know there's so many of you
that don't know him.
But we're going to pray tonight.
I want this to marinate;
I want it to be real with you.
Shake yourself inside of yourself
tonight and say, "Do I know
him?"And
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for
this time.
Lord, we're so grateful.
We're so grateful that you call us
friends. You call us sons and daughters.
You called us to the kingdom for such a
time as this.
We plead the blood of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our
eyes, over us. Father, I thank you,
Lord. We dedicate ourselves to you.
I'm at the Oval Office,
and there's
ungodly counsel trying to counsel him.
We raise up men and women around him
with godly counsel
for the valley of decision that
he's about to make.
What in the world is that?
I'll do my best to
describe this to you.
I see that storm.
I see the lights are on in the White
House again.
I see a great storm cloud over where
Congress meets. I see that it has
something to do with the White House and
Congress.
This is the Senate and the House.
I see a storm with lightning all around
the Congress right now.
There's a storm coming concerning the
White House.
They're one but they're two.
Two in one.
I see the storm
over them and I see the storm over here.
But there's a light on in the White
House.
As this goes up, it goes out like a
spaceship.
It goes out like a cloud that looks
similar to a major updraft in a
thunderstorm.
But there's so much lightning and the
top of the base of this thunderstorm
looks like a dome,
like
a flying saucer.
There's so much
purple,
so many different colors of
purple.
I'll
camp here for a minute.
What will he say
for his speech
when he addresses the nation that day?
It's about the
State of the Union
coming;
look it up.
I don't think there's a set time yet.
It will set the tone of the whole year.
February 24th.
So, it's February 24th.
And I see this looking like a grub
coming up out of the land. It looks like
a grub, one of those worms, but it has
these tentacles and they're all moving
like this. What is that?
This is interesting
because
I see Australia looking on,
looking up toward what we're going to
do.
I see a man with an army hat looking up
towards us. He has a military hat on
and
military shades. And he's
looking up, watching to see what
decision was made.
And this is even concerning what will
happen with Taiwan. The valley of decision.
I see red all
around Taiwan. I see Australia
looking on and they're all
looking like this.
They're looking up, but they're looking
out and over Taiwan. And I see
this is like an acid rain.
Taiwan has an acid rain.
I see it's red like what you'd
see when a sun sets on there, and
the sky is red. A red dawn, like
a red red.
I see acid rain coming out of
this red and there's
lightning. I see a storm around it. But
they're all connected to the
decision that he's about to make:
the valley of decision.
Say
monster.
I see Claudia right now
and it's very
prominent.
I see her fading away,
gone in a day.
He said, "Is she gone in a
day?"It's
bringing stability in the land.
A man will rise up.
I see him.
He
looks like a very
polished man. He's not heavy. He
has a nice black suit on.
I see a new man
rising up. He has black shades on.
He's economy-minded.
A new man will rise up that will be
economy-minded,
and he will shift the economy of Mexico.
A new man will rise up
and corruption will be removed.
A puppet will be removed.
A new one will
rise up and bring an economic future.
I see an economic future that is not
manipulated by the cartel,
for
the betterment of the people.
He's not so much a politician but a
businessman.
I would almost say
that Trump instates them somehow,
or
influences this. It's like a
businessman. He tries to dress like
Donald,
but this guy's skinnier.
He's very skinny looking; he's not a
heavy-set
man. He looks like he's in his maybe
45 or 50 years old.
He looks like a Rico
Suave—you
know, like the actor
that plays in Puss
in
Boots. His voice...
he looks
like Antonio Banderas, you
know what I'm talking about? He
looks suave, but
I hear a businessman mindset,
and it'll be about the economy.
He
tries to join up. Remember, I saw
Mexico coming up alongside
America?
I saw Mexico
trying to join up with the dollar, and
the dollar and Mexico will be one and no
longer the peso.
It's a business,
a
financial business
trying to join up with America
and
Canada. You know what I'm talking about?
Like with a new currency, like a new
standard.
I see finances flowing,
better trade, better money, getting rid
of the corruption in Mexico.
The Lord said this takes much
prayer.
The Lord just said this will take much
prayer
if they're willing to fight for it.
She has her
talons
in it.
It's like when you see somebody dragging
their nails because they're fighting to
stay.
She's a Jezebel.
They're fighting to stay,
but her talons will lose their grip.
She has witchcraft there.
The talons will lose their grip.
Every one of her things
was
clipped.
I see a clipping of the fingers, these
talons that are about to take place.
They're like nails, like a cat
trying to grab on to the desk.
They're
pulling her out.
She'll fight it.
Stability will come all throughout
South America
and all of Mexico. A corruption
that has been going for too long.
This is my hand in this, for a major
revival will come to South America,
to the Spanish people, to the
Portuguese.
A major revival will come to the land.
I see people weeping.
I see Catholics. I see
the
Spanish families weeping before
the Lord, weeping for change, weeping
for prosperity and
a better tomorrow.
People who work very hard for what they
have but don't get paid enough,
working
very hard
like slave labor to a point.
And the Lord said, "I'm bringing
liberty. I'm bringing revival. I'm
bringing a freshness to the Spanish
communities."But
they will have to fight for this.
They have to stand for this and contend.
Be a contender in these last days,
child.
Nothing is owed to no one. Fight for it.
Say, "This is mine."In the spirit
realm, fight for it: "This
is mine."I
call the corruption to be exposed
to
remove the corruption
through the cartel, Claudia,
and Venezuela.
And it's not just
Colombia. It's not just
Cuba. This goes clear down.
There's corruption all down
through here
by
Panama.
Lord,
but I'm going to raise up a new leader
in
Mexico.
Oh Lord, You're beautiful.
Your face
is all I seek.
And I see a storm trying to
involve around Trump right now.
When we come over here and the enemy is
over from the Senate and the
House.
Yeah, it's Pakistan.
Okay, so all this is about a storm
trying to evolve around Trump.
I see the lights are on the White House,
but a major storm's brewing all around
the White House. A major storm, and this
is with the House and
the Senate.
We pray over him. We pray because I see
JD Vance in the background and
he looks
black and white.
He
looks gray.
He looks gray, JD Vance. Donald
Trump's in full color.
He's very prominent. He's behind the
oval desk. But JD Vance is on Capitol
Hill.
He's black and white.
He looks gray.
He doesn't have any color.
And
he's looking at the White House. He's
looking from the steps of the
Capitol.
He's on those steps and he's
looking at the White House.
I don't know if they're by each other,
but this could be just symbolic.
He's gray. His suit's even gray. It
looks like black and white,
like
an
old movie.
And his head is big like a
bobblehead.
His head is big, distorted out from
inside his body. His neck is barely
able to support his head. His head is a
bobblehead and it's big,
and his face is looking toward the
White House. He has a big head and
a
gray suit. His suit looks like it would
be a dark-colored suit with a red tie
and he has a white shirt on. He's
dressed like our president
is
dressed, but he's standing on the
steps looking this way with a big head
and it's gray, and his hair is
perfect. He looks like a cartoon similar
to the Simpsons,
like a
bobblehead.
His head is barely able to be held on by
his neck.
His head is bigger than his body.
I'm looking at it clearly. And
there's lightning above him.
He's on the top step.
I see Rubio.
And his eyes are big, beady. His eyes
are big and they're darting back and
forth like he's nervous.
He looks like his
face is sweating,
but he's looking at him
from
the bottom step
and his eyes are
like you've been
shocked—almost
like you see a
car coming at you and you're
in
shock. That's what his eyes look
like
and he's looking at him.
And on that building, I see a major
eagle that is glowing with sparkles.
It is glowing with sparkles. And there's
light shining from above on that
building.
It looks like a phoenix,
like a bird that is sitting on a perch
on that
steeple at the
top point
of
that building on that oval. There's
a bird sitting on it that looks like a
golden bird that is black and white,
but you can see that
the top of this, all the way to its
shoulders, is glowing with
sparkles
and it looks like a female
bird.
It doesn't look like a male bird. This
looks similar to a peacock.
This looks like a peacock.
That's not an eagle. That's a
peacock.
It has to be. That's the way a
peacock
looks,
but it has no feathers out.
It's just there
on that perch.
Why would it be a peacock?
What does a peacock represent? It
looks like
a peacock.
Be still, son. I'm looking at you,
focusing. But look,
this is very serious concerning
the
decisions that are about to be made.
I see Nixon
again.
Hallelujah.
As I keep looking
through the window, I see President
Trump at his desk.
I can only see his back;
he's facing the desk,
hunched over,
writing.
He has a pen in his hand and he's
writing. He's busy working.
This is interesting.
I'm at his place in
Florida.
It's very colorful.
I see his wife.
She's in a ball gown
with
sequins and cleavage at
the top.
It looks bedazzled.
She's looking towards the north.
She's waiting.
I heard that she's waiting. Waiting for
what?
I see
Barron.
He has a tux on.
There's just so
much going on right here.
I sing Praises to your name,
oh Lord.
I can see the new ballroom
in
the
White House.
It's
a
really beautiful place,
very elegant.
He will finish his race, not a disgrace
to finish the race.
It's so important about the
race,
the Senate, and the House.
They cannot get... it's about not even
getting one, but not to get
both.
It's that serious.
These major decisions that he's about to make. Do you understand? Coming up in the next couple of days, these major decisions,
it's about the election
and the speech that he gives
on the
24th—the
24th is when he was invited.
During that
timeframe,
the speech that he gives for America,
where we go in our economy, where
we go for the next year,
praying for him and the decisions
that he makes concerning Greenland,
how he handles the rest of
Venezuela, how he handles Cuba, how he
handles Claudia Scheinbaum, how he handles the
others concerning Iran. But this
will be mainly Israel, with America
backing it. What's about to happen with
Iran?
Kind of like the Midnight Hammer.
But
this one's going to be
a regime change. When
I told you I saw them fleeing and going
into Iraq, they'll go to places hiding.
A lot of leadership;
they'll try to be
like
rats on a ship trying to get out of
there. There's a great shaking coming to
Iran.
These are major
pivotal moments
that will affect the rest
of his presidency.
He's in the valley of decision.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you give
him wisdom
only orchestrated by the Holy Ghost.
We pray for him to have great protection
and that he'll stand to bring liberty to
these places
so that they have revival.
What is about to happen in
Iran is set in stone. It's already
happened.
They're next.
It's already
in motion.
Iran will be taken like that.
It's a major deal, just like
the last one.
But this one is just to clean up what
they should have finished in the first
place.
This is where the anti-Semitism will
rise up,
but it's by design.
He's bringing his people back to his
land.
It will shake them out of that. It's like
you go, 'Okay, we've got to
uproot and get out of
here.'Do
they get paid to go home
to Israel? Do they fund that? If I
want to uproot your family and move to
Israel, that's going to cost a lot of
money. Are there programs for that? Like
funded programs for your family? Because
I'm seeing a funded
program for families to uproot and move
to Israel.
If you have real true lineage,
Israel's law of
return—there'll
be a lot of people take up on
that.
I see a lot of people leaving New York.
But I'm
telling you, there'll be great
anti-Semitism, even greater in the days
ahead. It's by design;
it's fulfilling prophecy. I heard the
Father say,
'I'm fulfilling my word. I'm
fulfilling
what I said.
My Son's return is
imminent.'It's
going to take a lot of people off.
And I see him occupying Gaza.
They'll take the land
there in Gaza. I see these people
coming. I see them building houses
there, doing things in Gaza.
The Lord said the land of Gaza
belongs to Israel.
He said,
'That's my land.
That's my land and the
Golan
Heights is my land.
The West Bank is my land,
and I'm taking back my
land.'The
Lord said it
very bold. He says shaking,
'Taking back my
land.'You're
going to see
this is like thunderous.
We pray over
the decisions that he takes.
He has great pressure
on the decisions that he makes.
This is concerning Gaza,
Israel,
and
the days ahead for Iran.
President Trump has a hand to hold and
it's a lot of weight on him.
This is concerning the Claudia Scheinbaum. It's like
you talk about having a hand
in many
pots.
This is a lot of pressure.
I see him at his desk
writing;
this is heavy.
He knows he's running out of time.
He's even concerned about him
finishing his term.
This takes
much prayer,
that he'd have three years
instead of one
full year.
You're talking about
impeachment. I'm talking about the
House. They'll try to
impeach.
But I see them taking over the Senate
and we'll have the House by a little.
But God wants it that we win both in a strong
red wave.
He'll push through so much in this
year
2026.
This is for the finances,
concerning crypto
and
many major
decisions.
is
a year of urgency in the spirit.
Praise the Lord.
It's lifted off.
I
sing
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I'm looking
into Australia and when I
started worshiping again, it
opened it back up.
I see a great shaking in
the Philippines
concerning a major church.
A major shaking will happen in a day.
As I look into it, I'll show you. I'm
telling you, there's a great revival
coming,
a freshness
on the people
that out of the heat, out of the fire,
out of the
coals,
a fresh fire of the Holy Ghost out of
the coals,
out of the embers.
That once was
a cultivation, a blowing
with new kindling,
a new blowing.
I see it when you blow those
embers and they get
hot, and then you put the new
kindling
on and it starts blowing; it's
on the land.
Praise the Lord. Over Australia,
over New Zealand. A shaking in New
Zealand, a shaking. A great revival
across the land.
And it's the same with Africa; it's the
same with these places. People, I'm
telling you, a major move of God.
I keep seeing it. I'm seeing Africa
right now. I'm seeing a glorious move
over Africa.
As the world as a whole,
the Lord says we're in the valley of
decision.
It's that turning point; it's
a time of a great
shifting and shaking. It's like he's
old—2
Corinthians 5:5.
We're in that timeframe of major
shaking.
It's a beautiful time, but
it's a time of great
intensity
when I see the storms. I
see it when I'm looking into
what
was the most intense storm over the
capital
dome.
Praise;
I thank you, Father.
Freddy
Malan,
turn the
volume.
Don't worry,
don't mind me.
I'm sorry, y'all. I just camped there and
I'm
just looking.
I see so much tonight and
my natural
language cannot tell you all that I see.
Everything that I see has so much color
and so much detail. And I'm
just being quiet and I'm scoping the
land of Israel. I'm scoping the land.
So I can look into it and I can
pull myself out and I can go all over.
He's allowing my eyes to be able to gaze
and I can go upon the land of Europe.
I'm looking all around
as I just take the time. I was just
looking at it because everything is
so detailed tonight and
I take it and I put it inside me
and I can go across America and I see
Mexico. I'm going down and out there.
I see Asia,
but all I want to
say is the sky above is so ripe for
revival and such a return of the
beautiful white clouds that I keep
seeing all above the atmosphere of this
blue sky.
And there's so much beauty to it.
It's almost like after a
major rainstorm
and everything is so clean and so crisp
in the air. I can see it and it's so
clear.
All this stuff is happening, but it's
all being set up and all aligned for the
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
The Great Tribulation is at hand.
Everything is about to kick off.
People don't realize how close we are to
the Great Tribulation starting.
We have a window;
the
window is very small.
I'm telling you it's like the
beginning of a race, like you see
the Sooners and all the people
getting ready to start off the race.
That's what it's like,
like the Oklahoma Land Run. Everything is
just—I
can see the
excitement, I can see the beginning and
the bustling of the spirit realm, and
they're
anticipating
the coming of the Lord Jesus.
You know, we're so focused on the seven
years of the Tribulation,
but
it's about the thousand years.
That's what the anticipation is really
truly about: the New Heaven, the New
Earth,
the thousand-year reign.
It's all anticipation. All this is
turning from the sheep and the goat
nations to be all about the
coming of the King.
We're at the end of this
world. We're about to start
the thousand years with Jesus.
That's what the whole bustle is about.
This
is
all getting ready for this major
event.
Yeah, we're all focused on this because
that's what we see, but a thousand years
is a long time
and all the ruling and reigning with
Him. It's all getting set up and it's
amazing
as you look into it. And President Trump
plays a huge key role in all this. And
yeah, people go, 'Well, I don't like
politics, Brandon. Are you
politicizing?'No,
it's just all about the end times
and where we are.
It's really amazing.
I get excited because I look at all of
that and I'm going,
'Wow.'If
I could take what I see
right now and put it in a book or a
movie, you could read it; it would be
the most beautiful thing. But
I don't know how to get it
out of my words.
You know, when I was looking at
the new ballroom
for the White House, it's really going
to be beautiful.
I could see the people in it and I could
see the party.
I could see the storm outside.
I don't know why I keep seeing storms
over Washington, but it's so
beautiful whenever they finish it. It
will be something to be seen, I tell you
that.
It's so classy and it's in the summer.
I saw this party;
it looked like it was probably
May or June.
The opening of this
ceremony was beautiful.
I could see
the sun and all the things, but I could
see the economy and where we were and
what it felt like.
I knew where we
were as America as a whole.
It's a very scary place.
Do you remember what
it felt like at 9/11,
the day after?
Does anyone remember 9/11?
The way it felt the day
after—that's
the way the atmosphere felt
in the spirit when I was there just a
minute ago.
It had such an eerie feeling.
So, while I've kept you all here long
enough,
I don't like leaving when I'm in the
spirit like that. That's why I just
delay and I'm just looking and I just
like to rest because it's
so comforting.
The spirit realm is so refreshing
and I feel it pulls me and I love
it. So
that's why I'm never in a rush, but I
know I'm live.
But that's what it felt like. It was
like 9/11. I could still see the East
Coast and there was a storm, but I could
see the dust
settling
and there was so much shaking above the
land from whatever event takes
place over us.
America looks so different here soon.
But this requires much prayer: to
pray over our land, to pray over Israel,
to pray over what's coming for Iran, for
liberation for the people, for a
major revival. And that's what we're all
after. It felt like
a major revival is coming from sea
to shining sea.
And it'll be beautiful in Australia, in
these areas, and it's one last push, one
last call for the harvest for all these
people to come to Jesus.
It's going to be beautiful.
Like I say, it's not like 9/11; it's
like revival.
It's like everybody came back to
church
after 9/11. It's the same kind of a push.
Unity. There you go, babe.
Unity.
It feels good. Yeah, you got
your idiots, but for the
most part, people are in unity because
they all come together for America.
It was like
everybody had a
patriotism—like
America or Australia—you just
have a patriotism. You're just about the
land, getting people saved. It felt
good. Everybody was coming back.
There was fear in the air
because of what just happened, but there
was so much hope of thinking
things are going to get better with the
people—kind
of like it was with
Charlie, but this was on steroids.
I'm so thankful for you.
We'll be back again tomorrow, and
hopefully I can come on earlier.
Tomorrow's Paisley's birthday, so we're
going to do a little bit of something
with her and then we'll pray. But I just
want to tell you all thank you for
joining me tonight, all 7,900 of you, if
that's what's still here.
Thank you. If you could like, subscribe,
click the notification bell, and do
everything you can to help me with the
algorithm, I really appreciate it. They
try to suppress my videos. The only
reason this channel's afloat is because
of you all and the Holy Ghost. I tell
you that because it's not because they
promote it;
it's because when you like and
subscribe, it pushes it regardless. They
can suppress, suppress, suppress, but
the moment you try to do things to help
me by sharing it with your family and
telling others, it pushes it out, and it's
all Jesus. Isn't that wonderful? No
matter how much they don't like it,
Jesus likes it. So, isn't that
wonderful? That's all that matters. No
matter if it grows or if it doesn't,
we still try. We contend. We can contend. So,
remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you, and
we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.